Phung Thien delivered the emperor's decree, the secret letter carefully calculated
Free of charge service
Catch emergency feng do precious squash
Bring Yang Quy Fei together to handle the harem
Here.
You new slaves are holding my hand.
Remember, the gift in the hands of these eunuchs is for Princess Honey.
The gift in the hands of the women was given to the noble lady Yao.
All these things are given to you by the emperor.
Oh.
Queen of Heaven
Stop!
Who is this bottle for?
Never talk about Princess Yao.
These two girls are enemies.
Princess Yao
Tomorrow is the Lord's birthday.
These gifts are naturally given to the palace.
You pups must be wrong.
No, the emperor's sister-in-law gave it to Yao Guifei.
And lying.
The Pande Sea
The Queen
Cut off the hands of these women for this palace.
The Queen!
Throw in Yixin Lake for Fish Feed
Why are you not afraid of the Lord?
The Queen
You are the first favorite princess of the harem
The ancestors behind the slaves are not afraid.
My first favorite princess.
Not funny.
The Queen
Not yet.
Yes.
The Queen
The princess is the queen.
It's the queen.
The Queen
Parrots are known as the folk phoenix.
This is Xiang Rui.
You taught her to say that, didn't you?
You're not afraid of the wrong team.
You're not on the wrong team.
Because the slave knows.
The Consequences of Staying on the Wrong Team
Mom.
Four Happiness
Cold.
Mom, I've finally shown the nine-tailed phoenix.
Oh, this is beautiful.
Sit down.
Look at that.
Mom, why are there so many melon seeds?
These are my dowries for you.
Princess Yao in the palace.
Worship Embroidered Mother Dress Peony
Receive Your Majesty's Grace
All the promotions he gave her.
The Queen is so generous.
I also want to go to the palace later.
Never.
Just entered the archway as deep as the sea
The queen in the palace killed you.
It's as simple as killing an ant.
Special
That's jealousy.
The evil princess.
The Queen came.
Hurry up and get the reward.